Update pages about links for content and for design (#314)
wpaccessibility/wp-a11y-docs: docs/testing/checklists/design.md

## Color Contrast

- [contrastchecker.com](http://contrastchecker.com/) (Online) — checks foreground/background contrast levels and also gives information on the accessibility levels of the contrast

> - [Color Contrast Analyser](http://www.paciellogroup.com/resources/contrastAnalyser) (Windows and OSX)– checks foreground/background contrast levels and preview designs as they might be seen by color-blind users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Color Contrast Analyser](https://vispero.com/lp/color-contrast-checker/) (Windows and OSX)– checks foreground/background contrast levels and preview designs as they might be seen by color-blind users.
```

> - [Sim Daltonism](http://michelf.ca/projects/sim-daltonism/) — a color-blindness simulator for Mac OS X.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Sim Daltonism](https://michelf.ca/projects/sim-daltonism/) — a color-blindness simulator for Mac OS X.
```

- [Colorblind Web Page Filter](https://www.toptal.com/designers/colorfilter) — apply a color-blindness emulating filter to a web page.

> - [Color Palette Accessibility Evaluator](http://accessibility.oit.ncsu.edu/tools/color-contrast/index.php) — analyze color combinations for conformance to accessibility guidelines.

Reviewer: This tool no longer exists. Maybe replace with https://venngage.com/tools/accessible-color-palette-generator?
